Mention caveat and fix for connections to data-server in golang (#66)
src-d/lookout-sdk: README.md

- turn off [gRPC fail-fast](https://github.com/grpc/grpc/blob/master/doc/wait-for-ready.md) mode if your analyzer creates a connection to DataServer before it was actually started. This way the RPCs are queued until the chanel is ready:
  - go: using `grpc.FailFast(false)`
([example](https://github.com/src-d/lookout-gometalint-analyzer/blob/7b4b37fb3109299516fbb43017934d131784f49f/cmd/gometalint-analyzer/main.go#L66)).
- golang: reset connection backoff to data server on event:

>     if you keep connection to data server open you need to reset backoff when analyzer receives new event. Use conn.[ResetConnectBackoff](https://godoc.org/google.golang.org/grpc#ClientConn.ResetConnectBackoff) method in your event handlers. It's needed to avoid broken connection after lookoutd redeployment. In case of a long restart of lookoutd grpc backoff timeout may increase big enough so analyzer wouldn't reconnect before it makes request to data server.

Reviewer: A suggestion, same text with "DataServer" for consistency with the rest of the doc and more verbosity to make the reason more clear.
```suggestion
golang: reset connection backoff to DataServer on event:
    if you keep the connection to DataServer open you need to reset the backoff when your analyzer receives a new event. Use the [`conn.ResetConnectBackoff`](https://godoc.org/google.golang.org/grpc#ClientConn.ResetConnectBackoff) method in your event handlers. It's needed to avoid broken connections after a `lookoutd` redeployment. In case of a long restart of `lookoutd` gRPC server, the backoff timeout may increase so much that the analyzer will not be able to reconnect before it makes the new request to DataServer.
```

Author: updated
